April 30 2025 Plugin releases (#827)
128technology/docs: docs/plugin_http_probe.md

| valid-status-code | list | at least 1 value required | The list of valid status codes to be expected from the server |
| sla | container | optional | SLA requirements for http probe. See [SLA](#sla) for more information. |
| up-delay-timer | uint32 | default: 0 | The duration (in seconds) a probe is held down before transitioning from down to up state |

> | proxy-settings | container | optional | Proxy settings if choosing to use proxy. See [Proxy Settings](#proxy-settings) for more information |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| proxy-settings | container | optional | Proxy settings if choosing to use proxy. See [Proxy Settings](#proxy-settings) for more information. |
```

| max-loss    | unit8  | Number of failed HTTP(s) probe requests to mark the test down |

### Proxy Settings

##### Version History

| Release  | Modification                          |
| -------- | ------------------------------------- |
| 2.3.0    | `http-probe-profile > proxy-settings` introduced |

> Proxy settings is used to specify the http proxy server to use when sending probe traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proxy settings can be used to specify the http proxy server to use when sending probe traffic.
```

```
router
    http-probe-profile      http-probe-1
        name                http-probe-1
        url                 http://172.16.2.5:5060/
        valid-status-code   202
        valid-status-code   200
        probe-duration      6
        probe-interval      10
        number-of-attemps   3
        proxy-settings
            proxy-address   192.168.1.48
            proxy-port      8080
        exit
    exit
exit
```

| Name  | Constraints | Type    | Description |
| --    | --          | --      | --          |

> | proxy-address | key | ipv4-address | proxy server ip address |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| proxy-address | key | ipv4-address | Proxy server IP address. |
```

> | proxy-address | key | string | proxy server ip address, only http is supported currently, port number is optional |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| proxy-address | key | ipv4-address | proxy server ip address |
```

> | proxy-port | optional | uint32 | proxy server port, if address is given, this port will be default to use port 80 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| proxy-port | optional | uint32 | Proxy server port. If an address is given, this port will default to port 80. |
```

## Release Notes

### Release 2.3.0

> **Release Date:** Feb 28, 2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Release Date:** March 4, 2025
```

#### New Features and Improvements

> - **PLUGIN-2505** Http Probe Proxy Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PLUGIN-2505** HTTP Probe Proxy Support
```
